Engine, rare for me to hear from you. What's going on?
Huh? What do you mean you came across a natural?
Just that. Guy fell into my lap back in No Man's Land.
And wouldn't you know it, turns out he's got powers.
We haven't seen that before, kind, to boot.
Obviously I had to convince him to join up with us.
So, you two have a playdate after I'm done here.
See you then.
Hey! I never said anything about joining your gang of weirdos!
It's cute you think you've got other options.
Oh, shut up! I told you I gotta get back up to the-
You're lucky to be alive, kiddo!
Back up, old man!
Only really needs to go wandering in No Man's Land.
Couple more huffs of that air and I'd be calling you a dead idiot right now!
And you nearly got sold for parts after getting kidnapped!
Talk about some rotten luck!
You better thank that nice man for keeping you together!
Doctor's orders, little boy.
Bite me, asshole!
And fix your face, bomb nugget!
Game is all finished! Now give me money and get the hell out!
And one last thing, I'm a w-
Thanks for that. You know, paying.
But seriously, all I'm after is information. I don't have time to go trash hunting or whatever it is-
You're still not getting it, squirt. Those kidnappers weren't unique in how they felt about spherites.
You're free to ask around about getting back to the sphere, but you're screwed if they find out who you are.
Look, here's what you gotta let sink in.
This just isn't the kind of place where stuff like info comes without a cost.
Now, shut up and stay close.
You're gonna' use all of your training to conquer the territory, yeah?
I'm trying not to lose time.
But, look, if I'm not혁
Good idea.
I hate houses that come to blame for lawteness and inconsistency, nose, teeth, etc.
They can control more embarrassing things like magic, moon stronger
Heesh.
Never let me go, never let me go, never let me go
I'm fucking tired
Love me, love me, love me
The place I'm in, I'm in
And you're in it
Hold me tight, I want you
To break me, to break me
Goodbye, goodbye
I'm fucking tired
Don't know if we'll be up to go
Let's find me a guy, somebody, a guy, a guy
Yeah
Yeah, I'm fucking tired
I'm fucking tired
Dude, ew
Engine's got that emblem
It's not dumb
And it's not something you get to steal
And then walk away with that busted face
Oh man
Is he a cleaner?
Now pay attention
I'm about to teach you some respect
With some help from my lovely assist staff
I'm only gonna say this one time, you hear me?
You steal somebody's treasure, you face the consequences
Mr. Rudo the Natural
Wait, you know about me?
Are you one of those cleaner guys?
Yeah
Engine gave me the lowdown on you and your situation
I'm with the Akita cleaners
Zanka and Nijiku
And thanks to Engine, I've been put in charge of training your sorry ass
He's got high hopes for you
But you're a long way from reaching them
Especially if I've gotta teach you something basic like don't steal from people
What?
Look, a cat robbed me and all I was trying to do is get my money back
You keep talking and all I hear is that your daddy didn't raise you right
This asshole, he doesn't know what he's saying
No one talks about Recto like that
Rudo, people can't hear you when you come at them angry
They're too busy trying not to get hurt or hurt you back
Plus, ladies don't think it's sexy
I bet you Chihua hates hot-headed guys
You gotta try and meet people where they're at
That means cooling off and thinking about how they feel
This is what he was talking about
Okay
He thinks that I tried to steal something he cares a lot about
And now he's pissed
I get that
Because I'd be just as angry if someone stole my gloves
I wasn't thinking, okay?
I didn't know it was special, but I took it
And that was messed up
I'm really sorry
Nah, it's cool, man
I mean, you did give it right back and all
Sorry I came at you so hard
It's just that this thing's my treasure, you know?
Still, I shouldn't have lost my head
A teacher should really know better
I think that's the first time I've ever defused a situation!
Recto wasn't totally full of it!
You are joining the Cleaners, am I right?
So how about we start over, yeah?
Well, what do you say? We cool?
Yeah, sure!
Awesome!
Awesome, man!
And by the way, what's your vital instrument?
I'm pretty sure it's my gloves
I'd show you, but I don't know how to turn them on or whatever
That's fine, let me see
Those things are actually pretty awesome, you know?
Okay, what just happened?
Because he looks like a completely different person
He's just smiling, though
Is that it?
It is!
Now I get it!
That's why Recto kept telling me to fix my face!
My life is full of surprises!
It's freaky how much a smile can change how you look!
Question is, can I pull it off?
Maybe!
I've been practicing for a while!
I should be able to smile by now
I'm gonna do it!
Get ready, you son of a bitch!
Enough about me
What made you decide to join our band of weirdos?
I wouldn't say I joined
It's kinda more like I'm lending a hand until I get what I want from you guys!
I was being nice to you, dirtbag!
Why you gotta go and make fun of me for it?
Where'd this come from?
That was my best smile!
Why are you so angry at me?
In what reality was that face a smile?
You looked like you eat puppies for fun!
Dammit, what was I doing wrong?
Were my eyes too open?
No, I must have been showing way too much teeth.
I've got it.
Did you get dropped on your head as a kid or what?
Is this what I get for letting you off the hook?
You must really want me to whoop you!
Hey, I told you that I was just smiling!
You got a problem with smiling now, you uppity prick?
You think you got a big dick to swing because Engine talked you up?
We're out here every damn day putting our lives on the line
fighting trash beasts and other nastiness!
And you say you're just gonna lend us a hand until you get what you want?
This isn't a game, idiot!
And I won't let your shit get to me!
You shitty-ass goal get people killed!
Get out!
Change this shitty little world!
Make it something worth living in!
I'm sorry.
What'd you just say?
You think I'm doing this for some shitty-ass goal?
Shut your damn mouth!
You don't know anything!
So you don't get to decide what it's worth!
You got that?
Well, I tried.
But the second we met, I had a feeling I really wasn't gonna like you.
Feelings mutual!
You said your vital instrument was your gloves.
Hold up.
Did you just...
How's that possible?
You can turn any object you touch into a vital instrument?
And you're gonna have to go through the same process.
I'm not gonna go through the same process.
I'm gonna have to turn this thing into a weapon.
I never would have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.
You're gonna have to go through the same process.
Now I get it.
That's what he meant by natural.
Impressive.
But if you can't back it up...
Well, even against someone as basic as me, you're already dead.
What the hell?
When did he throw it?
Come on, Mr. Natural! Keep up!
Your vital instrument's doing all the work!
And it's barely holding up against a stick!
What a sorry excuse for offense.
Guess your power is the only decent thing you got.
What's this?
Dang!
Why wasn't you grabbed?
Ew, it's a fludger!
It's a what now?
Wait, you don't know?
Um, it's just like a stick!
For poo!
Look, I have no idea what you're trying to do, but it's not gonna work on me, alright?
Huh?
Come here!
dog badger
Zhang
Unlikely galaxy branding
Come on, I said stop!
This is funny, man!
Ah!
Hey!
So are you two best friends yet or what?
Hmm?
Yeah.
You're killing me!
You guys bonded over a doo-doo duel?
Oh, that is truly priceless!
I've never been more humiliated than right now.
I was slinging turds the whole time.
I thought I was so cool.
Zonk is the closest the ground gets to making a spoiled rich kid.
And you flubbed diarrhea at him!
Kill me.
Please just kill me now.
Oh, man.
Well, it wasn't the most dignified first meeting, but hey, you got a good story out of it, so that's something.
As far as trainers go, Zonk is the best we've got at controlling vital instruments.
Believe me, you're in good hands with him.
Engine thinks I'm the best we've got?
Engine?
The engine thinks I'm the best?
Yeah.
Oh, hey.
Didn't see you back there.
I'm sorry, you know.
What's up?
Got curious about the new guy.
Your name is Ruto, right?
Yeah.
Is she a cleaner too?
I'm so jealous of your hair.
Did you dye it yourself or what?
Ah, never mind, this is way too soft to be dyed.
This is actually happening.
Hmm.
Beautiful woman's playing with my hair.
Does this just happen on the ground?
Buckle up.
Time to get rolling.
It's a cleaner HQ.
Our home sweet home.
Haha.
Oh, there's a lot of volatile otherwise using the 4 of them up, right?
Trying to be a fairy too?
Yeah.
Readjust jukebox, buh.
Ad stimulatorbeliman.
Stay obligated to the Iranian,
and it's not like a explicit West Coast thief.
Hate it.
Kalimba shirades trabajo queinde sy genes.
Nice!
R curso lanza shimelei.
Thank you.